[BUGFIX] Update operator to work with Checkpoints (#15)
great-expectations/airflow-provider-great-expectations: README.md

An Airflow operator for [Great Expectations](greatexpectations.io), a Python library for testing and validating data.

> **Note**: This operator has been updated to Great Expectations Checkpoints instead of the former ValidationOperators. Therefore, it requires Great Expectations >=v0.13.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

###Notes on compatibility 

* This operator has been updated to use Great Expectations Checkpoints instead of the former ValidationOperators. Therefore, it requires Great Expectations >=v0.13.9, which is pinned in the requirements.txt starting with release 0.0.5.
* Great Expectations version 0.13.8 unfortunately contained a bug that would make this operator not work.
* Great Expectations version 0.13.7 and below will work with version 0.0.4 of this operator and below.

```
